fcrypt: try manual copy if rename () fails (#3390)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/news/_preparation_next_release.md

- The plugin now only interprets a key set as [array](../tutorials/arrays.md) if the parent contains the meta key `array`. _(René Schwaiger)_

### Fcrypt

> - Improve handling of temporary files after encryption and decryption by trying to perform a manual copy if the call of `rename` fails. Tis problem might occur if `/tmp` is mounted to a another file system. _(Peter Nirschl)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve handling of temporary files after encryption and decryption by trying to perform a manual copy if the call of `rename` fails. This problem might occur if another file system is mounted on `/tmp`. _(Peter Nirschl)_
```

Reviewer 2: The suggestion sounds good, although I would replaces “on” with “at”.

```suggestion
- Improve handling of temporary files after encryption and decryption by trying to perform a manual copy if the call of `rename` fails. This problem might occur if another file system is mounted at `/tmp`. _(Peter Nirschl)_
```

Reviewer: Maybe we should also replace the "on" with "at" on the output of `kdb mount`?

Reviewer: `mount` also uses "on", though.

Reviewer 2: > `mount` also uses "on", though.

After a little bit of research, I now also think that “on” seems to be the right preposition.

Author: OK then I'll change it back to "on" after the build server is done.
